(audience applauding)
(audience cheering)
(acoustic guitar plucking)
(upbeat acoustic rock music)
(audience cheering)
(audience applauding)
♪ Come as you are, as you were ♪
♪ As I want you to be ♪
♪ As a friend, as a friend ♪
♪ As an old enemy ♪
♪ Take your time, hurry up ♪
♪ Choice is yours,
don't be late ♪
♪ Take a rest, as a friend ♪
♪ As an old enemy, yeah ♪
♪ Memoria ♪
♪ Come doused in mud,
soaked in bleach ♪
♪ As I want you to be ♪
♪ As a trend, as a friend ♪
♪ As a known enemy, yeah ♪
♪ Memoria ♪
♪ When I swear that
I don't have a gun ♪
♪ No, I don't have a gun ♪
(upbeat acoustic
rock music continues)
♪ Ria ♪
♪ Memoria ♪
♪ When I swear that
I don't have a gun ♪
♪ No, I don't have a gun ♪
♪ Memoria ♪
(audience applauding)
(audience cheering)
- Thank you.
(acoustic guitar strums)
Our friend Lori
Goldstein on cello.
(audience applauding)
(audience cheering)
And this is our new
guitar player Pat.
(audience applauding)
(audience cheering)
He's a certified
honorary punk rocker.
(audience cheering)
Thank you.
But he likes Queen better.
(audience laughing)